

Design Specification for Fab WireBender  
Date: 15 April 2016

Surface/Top

Must have surface sheet that allows for use of Macmet drive unit, removable bend head, solenoid pin,one or two feed guides.  
Must also have holes for bolts for support profile. 
Probably should have connections to drive support legs in some manner.  
Should in incorporate some wedge or inclined profile to avoid bent wire from interfering with drive.

Drive (Macmet Drive)

Drive must be supported with 4 legs attached to bottom and probably should be attached to surface
The four support legs should be cut out to allow for the drive to be raised and lowered (z-height adjustment) in order that the various diameter grooves on the drive can be arrange flush with the surface.
A motor mount should be designed under the drive in order to couple the motor to the drive shaft.
Diamter and length of Shaft can be specified.
Specific Motor-drive coupling should be specified.

Drive Specs
Thickness of Metal frame 3 sides
Thickness of Metal frame 1 side
Thickness of drive wheel
Length
Distance from top of drive wheel to bottom shaft (minimum)


Bend Head/Solenoid


Bend Head – Stainless steel with top overhang, 
Radius as per existing part, unless research tell something differently
Bend Head - Multiple sizes dependent on diameter (one form/shape) without 90 degree angle from bender surface
One 24 volt solenoid
Underside of bending pin should incorporate mechanical limit switches
Specification of 24V solenoid
Need motor mounting bracket for Bend motor
Need Nylon Gear mount 
All mounted to 3mm aluminum base.
Gears (orignal metal small gear) Plus different gear (potentially bigger) to cover 135 degrees on both sides.

Surface Support
at least 4 pcs of profile.  If exposed prefer rounded exposure.
Length must be sufficient for Motor attached to Mecmet drive to fit

Sides:
Perferated sides

Back:

Back should allow for connecting of optional straightener
Prefer non perforated back 






