Start/Home Page

	Menu on top -- File - Mode - Config

	Buttons:  	Homing  links to Homing Page 

		Load - links to Load Page
		
		Manual op - Links to Manual Operation Page
		
		Calibration - Links to Calibration Page

		Offset  - Links to Offset Page

	Center Control:
               	Purpose: Manual Control of Bender directly from box of bend pin direction and forwarding and reversing feed drive.
			Arrows on buttons indicate various sensitivy or number of steps startign from 1 step (outer arrow) to 10 step (mid arrow) to 100 stops (inner arrow)
			
			Duck Button for manual duck function


	Setting Right Panel:  	Material Profile (from last session) by default, but with selectable exsisting material profiles

			Jog Speed:  Sets speed of operationa of steps
					adjusted by slider

			Units:  Radio buttons for Inches or MM

			Material Diateter:

				indicated diameter (not selectable) taken from data in material profile

Homing: Purpose- To find "0 position" or home of the bend pin directly in front of the wire orafice, because bending procedures must have the correct starting reference. 


	Homing Button:  Runs the homing routing to find the home position.


	Verified Button: Confirms that the pin is directly infront of the wire head orifice.

        (if homing routing is run and bend pin in not direclty in front of the orifice) Manual control is provided for fine tuning...


Load: Purpose- To provid a screen to load a vector file

	Should accept with drop and drag or selection by directory...
	Should have slider indicating % while loading
	OPEN button: should open file after loaded, Rendering only a visual of vector file
	SELECT PROFILE button:  trigger select profile page.

Manual Operation: Purpose- To provide a screen to load repeatable values for repeatable manual bending

	SET Button: opens up manual input boxes in order to input values.
	ACCEPT Button: accepts the values for the button

	Design Note!!!  After the manual values are set the arrows on the manual operation are diabled and (disapear) Because the button will only function from the set values


Calibration: Purpose- To provide a way to calibrate new materials and account for "spring-back"

	START Button: Starts the procedure but should be inactive until a diameter value is entered in settings
	VERIFY button:  sets the actual angle of bending (triggered after manual fine tuning till the bend pin touching the wire)
	NEXT Button: triggers the calibration of the next angle/value


	Calibration Angle Table:  As viewed, but with some color indicator of which angle/data input is active
	
	Manual Control Box:  standard for fine tuning during the verify stage

	Setting Panel:

	Material Profile: Input Box (name)
	Material Diameter: Input Box (value)
	Units: Radio Buttons Inches MM
	RECALIBRATE button:  redoes calibration on exsisting angle/data box
	CANCEL button: cancels calibration regime to restart process

	!!Propose Bend to theoretical angle...then comes off 30% for the calibration calculation!!

Material Profile Page: Purpose- To confirm profile after file loading and generate bend path from given parameters.

	Right Sidebar

	Select Material Profile Dropdown (for existing profiles)

	Buttons for Edit, Delete, Select

	Diameter -Greyed selector box (not available)
	
	Bend Spacing- Enter the spacing between bend points 10?-12 to 20 mm

	GENERATE:  Generates Bend path and opens result in Bend Path page

Bend Path Page: Purpose - To Finalize bending job and Run Bend path

	Right Sidebar: 

	    (AS ON Material Profile Page with out any selections other than Edit)
	Edit Button will return to Material Profile Page

	Name of loaded file and Length of Material needed displayed on bottom

	Main Page:  Rendering of vector file with generated bend points
			Bend points must be displayed and be selectable (one only)

			Once selected the SAVE and RUN buttons become active
	SAVE: saves file with profile data and start point data
	RUN: runs generated vector file with profile and start point

      !!FUTURE EXTENTIONS!!

	Delete point
	Add pause
	Delete Pause
	

Auto:  Purpose- Provide way to load prepared file that includes profile and generated paths/start point

	Page loads file and moves to Auto Bend Path when load is complete

Auto Bend Path:  Purpose- to allow quick printing with files with profile and start points previsoulsy selected.

	Displays Bend Path with previously set parameters
	
	RUN button: Runs the bend path
	EDIT botton:  Shifts back to Material Profile page (if possible?? from file?)


	


			 
		




				

